hello guys, I am Jawn, will come to English corner, today, I invited Zachary to be the guests, welcome Zachary,
:
waiting, let me do the deep break,sorry , there are so many people come today, I am feeling very nervurs,
OK, and today topic is about pets, Zachary, what's the first impression in your mind about pets?
:
and now, more and more people have a pets,dog, cat, bird,fish,and so on, for some people ,the pets can be a helper, a friends,or a relative.
Zachary, do you know why so many people keep a pets?
:
I know the reason that why so many people kee a pets, more and more people totally disappointed in friendship and love,
but pets will never betray you.
 like the dog, dogs are especially loyal to their owners,and can protect the owners.
...
so for today's topic ,wu will discuss about pets something ,let's go go go.

2min
can I ask you a question?
do you have a pets? or have you ever had a pet?

Willson, can you sharing something about you pets? 
what you cat's name?
why do you keep a cat?

Jimmy, I heard that you have had a pets before, right?

for the first part, what pet do you like to keep? let's take a look the list of pets,
here are some animals and some picture
anyone know what animal in the first pitcture?

June, seems you realy like alpaca? why?

charlven, seems you really want to keep a pet, don't you? What pet do you want to keep?

2min


and next, I wil show me and my friend's pets.
anyone know What kind of dog is this? big ass dog corgi, it so pretty dog, recently, the dog gave birth to 10 corgi babies,OMG it a super dog, right?
Zachary, If it were you, what would you do,
this picture show that the various parts of the dog's body , sometimes the dog is naughty, make you angry,let see the video.
maybe you don't know, Bathing pets is a very troublesome thing.


and next.you will see that this is a big face cat, super cute,right,and the right picture is a Chinese rural dog
there have a interesting story.my friend just keep a dog at first,he bought this dog for 300 yuan, one day he feels that there nobody can playing with the dog.
and then,he bought a cat for 2 thousand 8 hundred yuan, just in order to someone can playing his dog, what a strange logic.

Zachary,Can you imagine a scene what a cat and a dog live together? or what will happen to them living together?let see the video.

and next, we will see a beatiful cat,this is a Munchkin cat ,his name is money money,just hearing the name, we may know that this cat is expensive
let's guess the price of this cat.
How much do you think this cat costs?


and the next pets, maybe you have seen in TV, maybe you have seen in your wechat moment,
Zachary, Do you know what animal this is?
it is a freet, the chinese name is 鼬, or 貂
this is prem's pet,so, If you have a chance to chat with him,maybe you can talk about his pets.I think he will be happy  to talk about his pets.

3min

and now, I will show my pets,I keep the cat last year,it is a girl,looks pretty right?
the cat is full of curiosity about everything around,
so if you would like to have a cat,please Seal the window,Otherwise she will run away from home

this picture show that when my cat hear some weird sound, she will stand up and looking in the direction of the sound.

and then you can see I am prepare to cook barbecue, to make some snacks for cat. roast meats and fish
My cat only spends about 100 yuan a month.
Cat Sand 15
Homemade snacks 30
cat food need 40

for this picture you can see my cat very clingy, Most cats are very clingy.This is why many girls want to keep cats reason
But sometimes  cats also have some strange behaviors, I don't know why it did this

Willson. Does your cat have any special behaviors

Since you talked about this problem

Zachary, seems we are miss something for my cat? No one is curious about the name of my cat?


I also training my cat some skill, like shake hands.it very hard to trainning the skill for cat,need a lot of patient,let her have muscle memory.
so it time to show my training result.




